Preservation of OS images when re-runnning 'epicli apply' (#2329)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/UPGRADE.md

###  Run *apply* after *upgrade*

Currently Epiphany does not fully support apply after upgrade. There is a possibility to re-apply configuration from newer version of Epicli but this needs some manual work from Administrator. Re-apply on already upgraded cluster needs to be called with `--no-infra` option to skip Terraform part of configuration.

> If apply after upgrade is run with `--no-infra` the used system images from the older Epiphany version are preserved to prevent the destruction of the VM`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `apply` after `upgrade` is run with `--no-infra`,  the used system images from the older Epiphany version are preserved to prevent the destruction of the VMs.
```
